Mt 19765 shipping discount (#314)
elasticpath/elasticpath-dev: changelog/2024/2024-10-16-changelog.md

---
title: 'Added Shipping discount in Promotions Builder'
date: '2024-10-16'
tags: ['Commerce Manager', 'Promotions Builder']
hide_blog_post_date: false
---

> **MAJOR** We have introduced a new feature allowing the creation of shipping discount for cart shipping groups. For more information on API, see [Creating a Shipping Discount](docs/promotions-builder/promotions-builder-api/promotions-builder-management/create-a-shipping-discount.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MAJOR** We have introduced a new feature allowing the creation of shipping discount for cart shipping groups. For more information, see [Create a Shipping Discount API](docs/promotions-builder/promotions-builder-api/promotions-builder-management/create-a-shipping-discount.mdx), and [Creating a Shipping Promotion in Commerce Manager](/docs/commerce-manager/promotions-builder/creating-a-promotion-in-promotions-builder#creating-a-shipping-promotion).
```

> **MAJOR** Commerce Manager: We have added a new feature allowing you to create shipping discount in Promotions Builder. For more information, see [Creating a Shipping Promotion](/docs/commerce-manager/promotions-builder/creating-a-promotion-in-promotions-builder#creating-a-shipping-promotion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
